Cleanup const_fn! (#255)
rust-osdev/x86_64: Changelog.md

# Unreleased

> - The following methods are now unconditionally `const fn`:

Reviewer: I think it would be more clear to also mention that the `nightly` feature is no longer required for these functions, e.g.:

```suggestion
- The following methods no longer require the `nightly` feature to be `const fn`s`:
```
Or:

```suggestion
- The following methods are now unconditionally `const fn` (even without the `nightly` feature):
```
